{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17040\viewh11000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 What is LiftBook?
\b0\fs24 \
\
LiftBook is an open source iOS application which allows users to keep track of their workouts along with corresponding weights and sets. Its creation came from the lack of options currently available to users in the App Store. \
\

\b\fs36 Mission:
\b0\fs24 \
\
The goal of LiftBook is to create a simple-to-use app which allows users to input data without being overly complicated or time consuming. So far, similar weightlifting applications only allow users to simply input information, without any smart filtering or auto-complete functionality. The end result of LiftBook will be an application that can suggest/autofill information based upon the type of workout completed, or by predefined user routines. Since most users will probably have a set exercise schedule, users can search, sort, and manage their workout data based upon chosen metrics instead of simply being a day-by-day journal. This will allow the user access to much better data analysis and exercise program regulation. LiftBook will set phone reminders on days with scheduled workouts and also include other calculated metrics such as Wilks Coefficient, Percentage based weights, and BMI.\
\

\b\fs36 Road Map:\

\b0\fs24 \
-Develop splash screen/main menu\
\
-Allow users to upload their own exercise routine. Users should then be able to select that same type of routine for a different day and have all the information (other than weights/sets) be autocompleted for them.\
\
-Add search/sort functionality and UI\
\
-Add metric calculations (Wilks, Percentages, BMI)\
\
\

\b\fs36 How To Contribute
\b0\fs24 \
\
Download (if you don't already have it) Xcode and clone the repository!\
\
\

\b\fs36 Who Can Contribute
\b0\fs24 \
\
Anybody who is interested in this project! Also anyone who weight trains or is interested in weightlifting}